Post 1:
TWO YEARS IN THE MAKING 👏


The custom Paysafe x Life is Good artwork for Paysafe’s Jacksonville headquarters is officially here, and it was well worth the wait!

Creativity is one of our 10 core superpowers, and this wall was the perfect canvas to bring it to life.

Huge thanks to Florida artist Emily Drake for transforming the blank space into a vibrant celebration of optimism, color, and heart. We loved collaborating on this one and watching it come to life.

--- POST ---

Post 2:
Help us give a warm welcome to the 2025 Life is Good interns!
 
Ben 🏝️
Sam 🌞
Erika 🌸
Ashley 🦇
Melanie 🐠
Carter 🤠
 
This talented, versatile squad of optimists will spend the next six weeks immersed across the company. Learning about our 30 year history. Diving deep into their area of expertise - from eCom, Brand Marketing, Wholesale Product Development and more! 

Our goal is to give these interns a holistic, valuable experience that helps them think like brand builders, merchandisers, marketers, and strategists - and to learn a thing or two from them, too.

--- POST ---

Post 3:
Yes, yes. We will absolutely circle back on that. And by that I mean we’ll swim one more lap.

--- POST ---

Post 4:
All set up at Switchback Spring here in Nashville! 
 Complete with a beautiful array of product, a healthy helping of positive energy, and even an interactive, onsite activation with free, pre-stamped postcards ready for sending.

And to top it all off, our very own VP of Wholesale, Yasmina Mokraoui, took the stage today to share her wisdoms and insights about building a mission-driven business.

We were always going to have a blast at an event centered around our favorite place — the great outdoors — but the good folks at Switchback Event have really made this a show to remember. If you're here, come say hi (hello again to everyone we met and chatted with so far!).

--- POST ---

Post 5:
Here's your every-so-often reminder. Missed a deadline this week? Action item that fell between the cracks? It's nothing a scoop of mint chocolate chip can't solve. (Or cookie dough. Or rocky road. Or cookies 'n cream. Or whichever flavor's your favorite.)

--- POST ---

Post 6:
Positive energy readings: off the charts. 
 Our very own John Jacobs, Life is Good co-founder, just kicked off the 60th Annual NACDA  & Affiliates Convention as the keynote speaker! We were honored to take part in the event and listen to John chat with attendees about the life-changing importance optimism, both on and off the court. #NACDA2025 #LifeisGood #BestTeamEver

--- POST ---

Post 7:
Getting a higher-than-average number of reactions on your joke in the work chat? There's simply nothing like it. No accolades, no words of praise from management - nothing can compare. We do it for the love of the game.

--- POST ---

Post 8:
Heading to #SwitchbackSpring25?

Don’t forget to snag the exclusive Life is Good event tee 👕 and catch what’s sure to be an inspiring panel: "Building a Mission-Driven Business: Defining, Communicating & Living Your Purpose" featuring our very own VP of Wholesale, Yasmina Mokraoui 💛

Purpose, optimism, and good vibes await!

https://lnkd.in/g7ZMWw_B

--- POST ---

Post 9:
Life is Good is now on Chewy!

Since '94 (and long before, if we're being honest), we've been deeply inspired by the unconditional love of our pets. They're the ultimate optimists, focusing on the good everywhere they go - including our offices! Fun fact: all the photos you'll see on our brand new Chewy page feature our own employees' beloved companions 🐶 🐈⬛  

Take a little W-A-L-K through our page and you'll see a Chewy first: a full selection of human apparel! Some of our favorite pet-inspired graphic tees are now available through Chewy's platform.

Our Fort Point neighbors (literally - they've got an office a block away from our Arthouse here in Boston), Chewy has been THE innovator and leader in the pet space for a dog's age. We couldn't be more thrilled to get this collab off the ground, and we have so much more to show you!

So keep a floppy ear to the ground for more updates... and give your sweet, fuzzy friends at home a pet for us, will you?

--- POST ---

Post 10:
Ode to the person who takes care of the office plant:

Selfless giver, tell us your technique!
The vibes only thrive if you're in this week.

A green thumbed genius with a heart of gold
Your horticultural expertise heretofore untold.

Thank you for your watchful, learned eye
If it were up to me, that thing'd straight up die.