Post 1:
Bigger is better at Sonder South Wabash.

Settle into your spacious apartment, complete with a full kitchen and stellar skyline views right outside your window. Located in Chicago's lively South Loop, you're steps away from the lakefront views of Grant Park and vibrant murals at the Wabash Arts Corridor.

Explore more: https://brnw.ch/21wRQqI

--- POST ---

Post 2:
From bustling hotspots to quietly-cool pockets, see a new side of your favorite city with our list of the top neighbourhoods to explore in 2025.

🫖 Chelsea, London: Dine and shop among the pastel houses and picturesque gardens of this upscale enclave. Fancy a show? See what’s on at the Royal Court Theatre.

🏙️ Long Island City, NYC: Come for the skyline views, stay for the contemporary art galleries and under-the-radar restaurants.

🍷 Trastevere, Rome: Laidback is a lifestyle on this side of the Tiber. Wander past charming boutiques, stop by cozy sidewalk cafés, and get a taste of local life.

🌴 Downtown Los Angeles: Known for world-class entertainment and a dynamic culinary scene — DTLA brings the energy.

🥐 18th Arrondissement, Paris: In between browsing vintage shops and quaint bistro dinners, be sure to catch the iconic Moulin Rouge cabaret.

P.S. See something you like? We’ve got you covered in every neighborhood: https://brnw.ch/21wRMTv

--- POST ---

Post 3:
Canals, culture, and cozy cafes for days. Find it all at Sonder Middelland, our newest location in Rotterdam. 

Step into your modern room complete with a dedicated workspace, stylish details, and all the Sonder perks. Just outside our red-brick facade, you'll find vibrant eateries, local markets, and stellar museums.

Start exploring: https://brnw.ch/21wRHqr

--- POST ---

Post 4:
Lush green spaces, a touch of gold, and plenty of Irish charm — Sonder The Earl is your home base in the fair city.

Just a stone’s throw from St Stephen’s Green, Grafton Street, and the city’s best pubs, each space offers modern comfort with easy access to all the action. 

Whether you're in town for work or play, your Dublin adventure starts here: https://lnkd.in/eh5U9KnQ

--- POST ---

Post 5:
In D.C.’s most historic neighborhood, welcome to Sonder Georgetown C&O.

Surrounded by 18th-century architecture, charming cafes, and trendy boutiques, there’s no shortage of ways to spend your day. Swing by the lounge to get some work done or fit in a quick workout before heading out to explore. When you’re ready to call it a day, your fully-equipped apartment is the perfect place to kick back and relax.

Start your D.C. stay here: https://lnkd.in/e5vRqB-F

--- POST ---

Post 6:
Say hello to an exciting new service at Sonder The Winfield — we're thrilled to offer corporate and social events in partnership with EcoCaters.

From executive meetings to cocktail receptions, our versatile Downtown LA location is equipped with everything you need to host an unforgettable event.

Ready to elevate your event? Explore our spaces at https://lnkd.in/esmnQsrS

--- POST ---

Post 7:
Introducing our newest Sonder in Glasgow: The Teacher.

Originally home to the headquarters of Teacher’s Whiskey, we partnered with mosaic architecture + design to re-imagine this historic building in the heart of the city center.

Keep reading to learn how Sonder is transforming vacant spaces into design-forward destinations.

--- POST ---

Post 8:
Since its opening in Spring 2024, Sonder North Loop Green has become a go-to destination for work and relaxation in Minneapolis. 

With state of the art amenities and an unbeatable location, we're sharing the story behind this exceptional stay on our Real Estate blog.

--- POST ---

Post 9:
Welcome to our newest location in Long Beach, California: Sonder City Center.

Featured in Showtime’s Dexter and Netflix’s Griselda, this iconic beachside location is now home to a modern stay and culinary destination, Olive & Rose.

Find out more on our Real Estate blog.

#Sonder #ABetterWayToStay #SonderLosAngeles

--- POST ---

Post 10:
Stylish studios meet Spanish flair at our newest property in the heart of Madrid: Sofía. Find out how we re-imagined this space for the modern traveler on our Real Estate blog.

#Sonder #ABetterWayToSay #SonderMadrid